Such shocks can be very useful.
They force one's fundamental nature to the surface.
No more hiding!
Show me that monster you got tucked away!
Assuming the shock doesn't prove too intense.
Or else he'll be crushed.
I'm not done.
No way.
Not yet!
Until the day I prove myself.
I will not die!
Unrelenting.
Infallible.
Generation after generation,
we, the noble Nijiku clan, have persevered.
We bear the burdens of the ground,
leading the way.
We are the ones who have to fight.
We are the ones who have to stand the ground.
Leading it, as Helgard.
And we do so willingly.
As when your older brother and sister followed in my footsteps.
Do you understand what I'm telling you, Zanka?
Sir.
We have undivided powers.
Oh, yes, sir.
One thing at a time.
Sometimes we meet again.
Help!
more deadly than your fellow man. So we stand. As Hellguard, we keep humanity in line.
What awaits you here at the Central Hellguard Academy is not unlike life on the ground.
You will be pitted against each other and yourselves.
Because there's only one way to gain the strength the Hellguard needs. Competition.
And there he goes, spouting the same crap as always.
Hard to believe we're already in fresh blood season.
I've heard people saying that there's some crazy good new kid in this batch.
Really? Guy or girl?
A girl.
Nice. Wonder what she's like.
Why does Zonka always act like he's better than us? It's weird.
His dad pretty much owns this town. He is better.
Guess you're right. He's got that Nijiku blood, so he's kind of born into Hellguard.
And he's basically immune to pressure.
It's probably why he's always at the top of the class, too.
And you know he's beating chicks off with a stick.
Yeah. Guy's basically guaranteed to take the Golden Throne, no doubt.
There's really no competition. We're just mediocrities. Nothing we can do against a natural talent.
Damn straight, there's nothing you can do!
I'd sooner be caught...
...dead than get compared to any of these stupid punks!
And with all the work I put in, you best believe I'm being literal.
Just y'all wait and see. I'm taking the top spot without even breaking a sweat.
All rise.
All sit.
As you know, giver crime continues to increase.
And to combat this growing threat, it's imperative that we have a strong Hellguard.
To that end, you've all endured intense training for your three years at this academy.
And we are eager to see the new blood this class will produce.
In that spirit...
We're allowing an exception.
And have placed an exceptionally prominent one.
We're allowing an exceptionally promising student into this class.
Though she hails from the slums, her talent is undeniable.
I was about to learn a hard lesson.
The real deal won't let you stay in the dark.
They expose what you are...
...and aren't.
Hey! You got eyes and ears, but you don't look or listen.
In other words, you're useless, every last one of ya.
And that's why I'm gonna send you all to Hell!
All of humanity...
HELL!
Say yes, you're a size of the dojo, so you're in your name.
I'm just the type you'd forget, so don't waste your time.
Yeah, I check it, I click, I go, shake, go insane.
Somebody's gotta pay while I live with the pain.
Lock me now, I'm on, you can't say I'm out.
Face up, then sight, then I'll turn, sight.
So you dig here.
Because flowers bloom where thoughts are gathered.
Let's riot!
Get back, get trashed!
Let's get rid of the hope.
Let's cross cross!
We're going to build it up.
From the very beginning, so let's laugh.
Let's lose, get strong!
Let's cut through the beauty.
Let's win, won't!
Let's kick it up the ass.
Who's gonna be the winner?
Who and only who?
Even if there is everybody.
Even now this ideal is impossible.
Whoever Ohh!
gebeys
may
Only the best were permitted to sit in it.
The top student.
A title the Academy bestowed only once a year.
Magnificent work.
Defeating your entire class and in your first sparring session, no less.
Your talent continues to be undeniable.
You might even take the Golden Throne this year, Hyo.
The Hell's Her Problem
The hell's her problem?
How can she think she's better than us?
She's literally from the slums.
I was hella creeped out at how nice the teacher was being to her.
Yeah, she ain't shit just cause she beat us once.
And how is she here when she has zero fundamentals?
I can't even see her graduating.
She only won cause we expected her to be a disciplined fighter.
Yeah, her bad friends.
Her form just threw us off.
Any one of us could beat her if we wanted.
If I wasn't thrown off my game today, I'd do it right now.
But... I mean, she took out Zonka.
Oh, hey.
I know. She whooped me real good.
So annoying.
Going up against a style I'd never seen was pretty cool, though.
I guess I should start training for next time, huh?
Hm.
Damn it!
It's fine. I just let myself get comfortable, that's all.
I haven't lost yet. I'm still number one here.
You're bleeding.
Lots.
Did she hear that?
Sorry. Didn't hear you sneak up on me there.
I figured you had gone back to class.
Not yet.
I was just looking for some water.
I gotta lock it in.
You really impressed me out there today.
Hell, even the teacher thinks you'll sit on the Golden Throne.
I was curious about the throne. What's it do?
It, uh...
Well, it's something a bunch of big names have earned.
Helgard Legends, Higher Upset Central,
all kinds of names.
The famous folks have sat on the Golden Throne.
Everyone wants it.
Even my big sister.
Though apparently she never got to.
I'll rephrase.
Say you sit on the throne.
What then?
You look impressive, and then what?
What good does that do?
I'm sorry.
I'm sure I said that.
Stop.
You saw that?
What about the pieces up there?
No, no, no.
As for that
What about most of my little things defects?
I can't sift into these little potato reconnaissance equipment anymore.
If only I had an excuse.
I hope they're beatkin eyelashes.
Yes.
What a bummer.
Remember that cool move you did?
Some think they can steal what makes them special.
Of course it's easy for her.
Others find excuses to belittle them.
They're all disgusting.
But then...
Today's class will be a little different.
I have here a random assortment of weapons.
Examine them and pick the one that most speaks to you.
A true Hellguard is proficient in a wide variety of arms.
But finding a high-quality weapon that complements your strengths is itself a vital skill.
Let's see how sharp your eyes are.
There's the most disgusting of all.
The one who thought he was better than any of the fakes around him.
Like me.
Okay.
So your special school has special classes on weapon selection and stuff.
Sick.
And you happen to vibe with that instrument of violence?
Go off.
But how does that end with you in a hole?
Hang on.
Didn't you say something about the class being three days ago?
Doing the math.
You've been down there without...
without any food or water this whole time?
Did you know we'd be popping a squad or were you trying to die?
There was a hole here.
So I got in it.
Now...
I'm stuck.
Yeah, I feel that.
Ah, well.
Nothing to do about it now, except appreciate the local confections.
Mmm.
The others.
They all picked weapons they thought looked the strongest.
And I figured Hill would too.
So I thought I could game the system.
There was this worn out piece of crap mixed in with the other weapons.
I thought it'd be like when a hunk of junk is actually a secret powerful thing.
Sounds like you out-thought yourself.
It was just a damn stick.
It wasn't even supposed to be on the table.
The school made a mistake and no one caught it.
I got so many looks that I never thought would come my way.
Then came the moment we'd been waiting for.
And you know what the real deal picked?
Just a plain old sword.
Unremarkable.
Completely ordinary.
I am such shit!
A piece of shit!
Shittiest shit in the heap!
King shit!
Who knew the biggest fake
was the one trying to get people to think he's something he's not!
But now I know
the mediocre can't become natural talents!
Van...
Why can't I die?
Just drop dead.
I'm just as big a poser as this stupid-ass stick.
I shouldn't be alive.
Dark.
But don't the mediocre surpass naturals in the end?
So they can think like them.
Not that I know why some get that natural talent box checked and some don't.
But if that's not what you are, man, then...
...who says you gotta be something else?
And besides...
You talk a big game, but I know you don't want to give up.
It's in your voice.
Probably still holding that stupid stick.
Most people would have tossed it.
But you're still holding on.
Now you're free to ignore the ramblings of the weirdo who's passing through.
But you can't know your strength until you know your weakness.
Do with that what you will.
We gotta go, but we'll be back for more Manju.
Maybe we'll see you around.
We would love to see you prove my point.
But not anymore.
A sister.
Didn't you hear me?
I won't die until I prove myself.
Wanna see what mediocre can do?
Well, I'll show you!
Ozanka.
I'm gonna show you what I am.
Sounds like you're having a real fun trip, my guy.
There's gloopy glue.
Toxin.
At the Nero.
Mix it with a bit of the hallucinogen.
Let it sink in.
Now we tweaking.
Right, right, right.
That's the cocktail I stabbed you with.
But it's magic.
That dope, right?
It's phenomenal.
No, no, no.
I can do better.
Phenomenal.
It's crazy.
I got that hallucinogen only because some dude tried to merge me with it.
It's great because you start seeing stuff that's realer than real.
And when you come down, you're puked so hard it feels like your innards are trying to escape.
You made me forget my ribs!
Damn, that hurt!
See what you did to me?
That hurt so bad, man.
I bet you knew that would happen, huh?
Yeah, you did.
Most people know about that.
I really thought you and me would be making some mad violence together.
And right when it starts, it's over.
Maybe I should have picked one of the other cleaners.
Yeah.
Yo!
My boy's having fun!
I'm a fan, man.
I want to party too.
Come on.
I'm getting on this.
All right.
Here it goes.
I'm free!
Please nobody where I go looking!
Man, this really stinks.
I can't find the exit anywhere.
And no one else is here.
Well, I guess that's not all the way true, huh?
Ruchi!
Hey, wait up!
I asked you nicely!
Ruchi!
Huh?
Ugh.
What is happening?
Disgusting.
Just don't drag me into your 군 dictatorship.
Deng
What the hell is that?
Ruchi.
Geeko, carry it out like a boss!
Your
Thank you.